you I mean you were always a computer
whiz at school and you seemed to you
were quite clever sort of manipulating
that the scheduling software to your own
advantage when you
yeah computers came along when I was 13
and they kind of intimidated the teacher
so I and a few others were viewed as the
computer experts and they were nice
enough to let us do the scheduling of
the different classes so I could decide
you know which girls were in my class I
had lots of great girls my class I
didn't talk to them much but they were
there the high point there
from then on bill it's all downhill
you're 13 years old you're manipulating
they're the girls in your class that's
like a dream no I it's great privilege
hate learning science you'll be amazed
[Laughter]
now we know in hindsight that because
you dropped out of Harvard and in
hindsight it was obviously start
Microsoft but at the time for your
parents they wouldn't have known the
success that that was gonna go on to
become how did they feel about their son
doing that well they were very
generously you know paid for my tuition
at the time officially I went on leave
and so you know if the company hadn't
gone well
Harvard's very generous about letting
people come back so it really wasn't
kind of a permanent thing so you never
expect so you were thinking at some
point I'll end up going back and
finishing I wasn't but I've been
unrealistic and they the business hadn't
worked out it I could of and I loved
school I mean I loved it when I was
there and even now I read more textbooks
and so it's kind of ironic that I'm a
dropout because I I read more I like to
learn as as much as anyone I know yeah
and your early days you described
yourself as a nightmare boss visit your
words not mine and was your were that
work ethic just very different to
everybody else's I was fanatical in my
20s
helping Microsoft lead the way and
software was the only thing that I
really focused on so
you know I worked weekends I didn't
believe in vacation and so I I really
pushed people to work hard teach and I
was still learning how to manage people
particularly the different skill sets
the salespeople the accounting people
and so you know I I fortunately I think
I'm a little bit better now your wife
was was that she worked for you she was
in eventually that's right she came
after about ten years
that wasn't the system that you
manipulated to make coming to the
company that he was just there and at
the point where you met and you suddenly
sort of took a shine and and clearly
there was an attraction had you managed
to get on top of your being a sort of a
nightmare boss were you sort of in
control because essentially you were
still the boss you were her boss yeah
well not directly
the company was big enough that there
were a few people in between myself and
her and you know we started off pretty
casually but you know then kind of
surprised each other by falling in love
and after we got married she retired
from Microsoft that she always
understood what we were what we were
doing she was she had a great career she
when you coming in today we put it out
there and ask people what would they
like to ask and you and the same
questions kept coming up time and time
again and if it's all right I'm gonna
put a few of those to you now the first
question was what's the most extravagant
thing you've ever bought well certainly
the greatest extravagance is that I
travel I often go by use a private plane
and that is very extravagant you just
start doing that because it's tough and
so I waited I always thought that was
kind of a decadent thing but then when I
started traveling to Africa in Asia a
lot I on that you enjoy that now yes you
enjoy that yes it's a luxury it's my one
true extravagance okay next one come how
much money do you have in your wallet
bill I I don't carry a wallet around a
lot you bet like the Queen the Queen
doesn't
know what's in that purse no money
goodness I wonder is that so you have
people with you that have to take care
of that sort of thing now well what I'm
going out but I'm not doing a business
trip
then I'll carry a wallet around that'll
have a few hundred dollars and some
credit cards in it
yeah pretty normal okay next question do
you ever wear the same thing twice
not without it getting washed this was a
very popular question everybody would
say how many bathrooms do you have in
your house bill too many too many yeah
and finally what do you want your family
to my you for Christmas well usually
they'll pick books or movies that
they've seen and like or they'll offer
to do some sort of a trip together
people are pretty creative I like
puzzles so they'll often get those you
know do you don't think you're that
difficult by four oh yes
I think I am because I have so many you
know the things I want there's always
new books movies puzzles some something
that's a little personal well this isn't
a book a movie or a puzzle and it is we
think it's a gift that money can't buy
and that's our little present for you
yeah money can't buy this I'm slightly
worried what you've done there Holly no
no this is you're going to this forever
I tell you if you can get into that room
look at that right many want that money
cannot buy that want to but thank you so
much for coming in yes yeah it's been a
treat to me for more of the same and
just click here and you've never had an
Instagram account before no no I had
never had an Instagram account but you
learned very quickly I had to learn
everything because you know it was it
was completely new to me so I learned
something new every day